Update Setting-up a Robot Simulation (Webots) tutorial to 2022.1.3 (#3216)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Tutorials/Advanced/Simulators/Webots.rst

7 Test the code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Linux

>         From a terminal in your ROS2 workspace run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        From a terminal in your ROS 2 workspace run:
```

        .. code-block:: console

            colcon build
            source install/local_setup.bash
            ros2 launch my_package robot_launch.py

        This will launch the simulation.
        Webots will be automatically installed on the first run in case it was not already installed.

    .. group-tab:: Windows

>         From a terminal in your WSL ROS2 workspace run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        From a terminal in your WSL ROS 2 workspace run:
```

Go to the file ``robot_launch.py`` and replace ``def generate_launch_description():`` with:

.. literalinclude:: Code/robot_launch_sensor.py
    :language: python
    :lines: 11-47

This will create an ``obstacle_avoider`` node that will be included in the ``LaunchDescription``.

11 Test the obstacle avoidance code
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

As in task ``7``, launch the simulation from a terminal in your ROS 2 workspace:

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: Linux

>         From a terminal in your ROS2 workspace run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        From a terminal in your ROS 2 workspace run:
```

        .. code-block:: console

            colcon build
            source install/local_setup.bash
            ros2 launch my_package robot_launch.py

    .. group-tab:: Windows

>         From a terminal in your WSL ROS2 workspace run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        From a terminal in your WSL ROS 2 workspace run:
```

        .. code-block:: console

            colcon build
            export WEBOTS_HOME=/mnt/c/Program\ Files/Webots
            source install/local_setup.bash
            ros2 launch my_package robot_launch.py

        Be sure to use the ``/mnt`` prefix in front of your path to the Webots installation folder to access the Windows file system from WSL.

    .. group-tab:: macOS

        In a terminal of the host machine (not in the container), if not done already, specify the Webots installation folder (e.g. ``/Applications/Webots.app``) and start the server using the following commands:

        .. code-block:: console

            export WEBOTS_HOME=/Applications/Webots.app
            python3 local_simulation_server.py

>         Note that the server keeps running once the ROS2 nodes are ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Note that the server keeps running once the ROS 2 nodes are ended.
```
